CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?
- The name of the program will be "sakau_connect.py"

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?
- This program is intended to be part of a larger software that is to be used
by Pacific Isladers who are in the Sakau (KAVA) business and have a hard time reaching 
their customers, let alone take orders from them. This programs main function is to 
those businesses the ability to take online orders from their customers.

3. What will you learn from developing this program?
- The main thing I look forward to learn is to carefully plan and execute python projects
successfully. It will provide the opportunity to review and strengthen my understanding of the
lessons that I've learned in this class.

4. What Python modules will your program use?
- sakau_connect should use the following modules but is not limited these as well:
csv, math, pytest, datetime

    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)

5. Will you separate your Python program into functions that each
perform a single task?
- My program will contain different functions

    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

6. Will you write test functions to test at least two of your program
functions?
- Yes
